ok let them on see 303 it's just a
pocketknife folder really beautiful one
I think
and I've used this since the summer it
works really really really great that
handle is aluminum the blade is 428 HC
they said two tools in one here we have
a carabiner which could use be used as a
bottle opener
well there's a pocket clip point down
the Sun started over here and then they
have this blade launcher I remember what
it's called quick release thing where it
goes just halfway like that so you have
to flick it open have this visit pivots
I remember I have to look it up again I
can't remember all the stuff I thought
at first the Hoffs rated at edge as you
can see there would be a problem but
actually it works great even the car wit
it works great on ropes and stuff so
this one is always on the boat and
therefore the carabiner is good it too
is to hang it it's liner lock you can
see there
and the blade fits real real real good
the carabiner has a lot to it so you
can't push back you have to push it down
and done back down done back okay the
blade is 7.1 centimeters 2.8 inches when
it's closed it's 40 4 inches and 10.3
centimeters it weighs ninety one grab so
it's a lightweight ER because of the
aluminum can remove the pocket clip if
you want to but you can't put it on the
other side yeah and let a man leads 25
years warranty so that's really good
it's a drop point when the what drops
down
yeah and the straight and half serrated
blade for those who don't know it it's
called combo edge combination edge it
don't have have the thumb stud on the
other side so if you're left-handed it's
hard to open it well you can't at least
like this yeah that's about it you can
probably change the side of it if you
take out some pliers or something but
I'm right handed so it stays that way
hope you enjoyed it